Hey guys welcome back.
OK so I have not checked in in like three or four days mainly because I just got sick and I came out
the cold while I'm traveling.
I'm currently in Sarajevo in Bosnia and pretty bad timing to get a nasty cold they might actually be
allergies so again I apologize.
Pretty raspy voice.
And here is an update you guys on what's happened since I last checked in.
Not a whole lot.
Again because I was sick so I didn't really get to put a lot of time into this.
Also I'm on vacation so I'm not putting a ton of time into this part of the point was I want to show
you that you can do this by only participating 20 minutes 30 minutes a day.
That's really all I spend some days I don't even touch it.
But anyway.
So first off I have continued to explore pay promotions and they kind of are all over the board.
Some of them work really well.
Some of them don't work really well.
I made one mistake which I immediately kind of kicked myself over which was I was working with a bunch
of people doing really cheap paid promotions because I'm trying to get to that 5000 mark.
But what happened was once someone saw that I was doing paid promotions on one side they started reaching
out to me saying hey I have promotions on these other sites.
Now when people do this to you it's perfectly fine it's just that you need to make sure to do your diligence
on them.
And even though they're really really cheap you still need to do that.
So what happened was this person came and said you know I'll do a story and a post for $10.
Right.
And that's pretty ridiculously cheap.
And their account size city was 59000 so I was like OK sure why not.
So I did it but I didn't really check.
OK.
And so one did up kind of happening was I gave them that standard fake video image that says Like who
wouldn't want to have three robotic arms or whatever.
And then I gave them the standard story promotion that we've been using.
What ended up happening is I didn't run the hype auditor on them.
Right.
And so what I did notice something and that was their target market was not mine.
OK.
And it actually damaged my score.
So their rating is 60 65 which is perfectly fine.
But here's the difference.
Twenty three percent of their followers are from India.
Six have Brazil Indonesia or five U.S. only four.
No I'm not saying that you don't want to target people from India Brazil or Indonesia.
It's just that you need to tell beforehand who you are targeting that was not my target market.
I was going after U.S. Canada and people specifically in this time zone and really want them to be spread
out over multiple times.
And I also was the idea was that eventually I was going to flip this account or do an affiliate relationship
and the affiliate idea that was talked about later was kind of a high ticket item.
And so India in Indonesia and Brazil lower purchasing power so I'd also not probably inclined to buy
something online that's really expensive.
So that was probably not a great match.
You know there's plenty of stuff you can sell to these markets you kind of have to be aware of what
the local demand is.
So anyway I didn't notice this.
And so what end up happening is if you look at my account I actually ended up adopting a lot of Indian
users.
So right here you can see this one's kind of crowing right there.
So you'll get a table almost 16 percent.
India and Indonesia is 5 percent and originally for this my number two was like Canada or the U.K. or
something like that.
So what.
So just as a reminder make sure that you check that your target markets are the same.
I did get the male the female skew that was just lucky though.
OK.
So you kind of generally see the last like like three days since I checked in.
Growth has slowed.
So we're only doing 70 a day from that day and then let's see it one 30 million between this and that
one.
This is today.
That's not data yet.
You can tell it kind of aren't like that now now what's happening is that a lot of the techniques we're
using before are just kind of starting to run out of traction.
So one of the hashtags we're using we've just kind of hit them so many times that they're not going
to be as effective going forward.
Usually expect these happen this happen later on but not really surprised.
And then also the paid promotion.
So like for instance if we look at the account called brilliant inventions and I ended up working out
a deal with them directly because when I originally did their promotion it worked really well with that
huge spike right.
There was of a thousand.
Now I thought it was mostly coming them because when I was watching it it looked like it mostly was
coming from them.
So I negotiated a deal with them to do a post and to give me a cheaper price because it was direct and
then they even wanted to do.
Look at $300 five stories five post thing and at first I was like kind of.
I thought that would work.
But then I decided well why don't we just test it out and so today we posted another post very similar
to what worked before.
And it's just not performing right.
So I did the same like fake video thing where it says you know future robots go to the innovation station
to see the full video it does have you know 1300 likes but it's just not really converting very much.
So I haven't really seen much of an uptick.
Not nearly as much as like when I saw it before.
So that might just be because I'm kind of overdoing it or I can't do the same thing back to back I need
to try something else.
So yeah.
Anyway that's kind of worth keeping in mind.
You know I did this also.
So I would like philosophy of science we didn't want them that so I did the same thing sit there and
leave it up permanently which is fine.
And I said a crowdsource analyst good elevation station and video.
Now this account was all about science that's all I care about.
If you look at everything on here it's all science and space was the other one.
People really seem to like space stuff like Carl Sagan quotes and this guy Neil deGrasse Tyson things
like that so I what I did as I fast tracked a post in my account that was base related and that I got
it posted so that I could use it to see right here and then.
So what I was doing as I was marking them for fast tracks so I used yellow as a marker for fasttrack
So that was a 13 foot tall robot.
I wanted to use that as something I'll explain in a second what I see.
So like this one was for instance one that I was going to use with them because it's indoor farm grows
produce in aerospace.
Okay so that was space related.
I kind of had to go and like dig to find space related ones but that's just generally what you have
to do.
Anyways this one didn't perform that well either.
I don't know what it is.
You see earth orbiting satellite.
This might have been it.
Yeah this is.
OK.
So I fast tracked this one.
It looks like someone removed the tag after it was done.
But anyway so that's what I did and I did a bunch of other ones.
I don't know where we were at when I last checked and so and so when I'm realizing yes the paper motions
are kind of slowing down a little bit so I need to probably switch up my strategies a little bit.
Now one other thing I thought was kind of interesting was one of the people that I worked with before
and you saw this is actually way back in the paid promotion section and I talked about it it was Grainne
attack and they had a good audience score like a really good hive auditors score.
And they had a very related audience.
And so what I did was I did a promotion with them and it worked pretty well.
I was pretty happy with it.
But then what they said is hey they had a proposal for me and they said if I paid ten bucks they would
do what's called like it's kind of like a promotion ring.
So they said is instead of you putting them on our profile and then our audience watching them you click
on your profile and then we'll drive a lot of traffic to it.
Now there's a lot of question marks as to how exactly they do this.
But basically the way it works is there's a lot of people out there who own multiple accounts like Grand
Attack on something like that they told me one point fifteen.
And so they did 15 accounts with what they basically do is post your post or at least a link directly
to it.
And a shout out from all 15.
All at once.
And so the idea is that they do it all at once.
They might be able to get you onto the explore page of this one the explore page like this.
And then all of a sudden you a lot of exposure to other people.
OK.
So that's what we are calling for and I hope hand $10 is like again for $10 I'll do anything and I really
care.
And so we picked something that hadn't I thought had mass appeal and it was goofy like robot this one
OK.
And so what ended up happening.
You can look here if you notice something.
Oh my gosh look at 200 4000 views.
So they really jacked up the exposure of this one post for $10 which kind of incredible.
If you look at let's see if you go to my engagement because a massive spike right there look at ceiling
likes history.
Look at that.
And then the robot post.
So it was 20 100 likes which is just not remotely like anything else I've done so you know engage in
it was close to 800.
My impressions are 64000 right now look at let's look at the one before the cruise ship.
Yeah.
Not even close.
300 OK so that was kind of interesting.
I just to see why not.
You know and it just it really did go nuts.
Only 12 comments but that's not really a big surprise.
So I did that just to see how it work.
Did I get a lot of followers from it.
That's kind of hard to say.
I didn't really notice a huge jump.
So you see it's on the fourth.
So if we were to look at our community and look and see what happened on the fourth.
Yeah.
So it looks like it's close to 300.
So I guess that's you know better than my usual days.
But it wasn't really enough to justify paying for one singular post that way.
You know I might do it again just because it's kind of interesting you see one downside obviously is
that it kind of skews your metrics again so I can if I could indeed read and see what's my most popular
posts will do.
It's going to be the one that DECT that on.
Obviously you got promoted that doesn't mean it's the most popular one it just got a lot traffic driven
to it because of the other two things we started doing was we started doing stories and were going to
do stories around 5000.
But what happens when you guys are listening to this.
But just recently Instagram changed the kind of rules with this.
So with most stories you need to swipe up things you swipe up and then it can take you to a link and
that's incredibly useful because otherwise you really do can just say you can give them a call action
that they don't have to literally go to your account or go to the search bar and search for your account
to go to it.
Now the rule is that you can only do that 10000.
So you kind of limit the effectiveness of our stories.
So I'm thinking about delaying my like doing stories consistently.
But regardless we've put together stories and we have the basic format and we've changed enough of the
process to accommodate.
So what ended up happening was we made it such that we have a screen that opens it says top innovations
of the day and then because each story is only 15 seconds we can only pick one caption out of the five
to eight in each video and then we play those basically in a line.
Now to make this make any sense be couldn't just grab a random caption from each video because it doesn't
necessarily fit.
So we have to go back and rewrite them so there are simpler and more succinct and then that.
The image behind it made sense as a standalone So let's watch all of our stores contaminations that
they may test.
Cool.
And there goes the next one.
So had change.
So it says a new pair of Ogmund really glasses Brink's training.
And your video is in the future texture.
Great.
OK.
So we had to do that one and then this is this was the glass one we just watched right like we had to
rewrite this and find a clip that works so I can click through these and watch them.
And then the last thing is the full video that envisions Isha and you know whatever.
Originally we had a swipe up but we can't do that for at least another 6000 followers.
So yeah doing that and for the most part we're looking at some of the stats and it's working out fine.
I'm looking at the stats.
If I look at my story stats we can see that for the most part people will so also a star stories 1744
people started and 69 ended.
Now we don't really have anything to benchmark this against but I'd say that's pretty good.
I'd say that's in front of 400 people if they walk all the way through and probably get a good like
200 people back to my profile.
That might explain some of the liking and some of the some of the tagging and commenting that we're
getting now.
There are only two stories every single day.
I'm not really sure really it's just a change in the process so what I've done is I had to get the caption
ners to change up the way that they were doing captions.
So originally they were doing you know five to eight.
Now what they're doing these five day plus.
They were adding in one man and trying to find where there's so many cards that basically left a message
saying OK can you guys also do one summary sentence and that summary sentence is what we then put in
the caption and then does the editors also know that they need to pick one clip that's seven to eight
seconds that's could stand alone on itself.
And then once they did that I kind of wait a couple of days for it to make it through the pipeline because
you guys remember like my lead time was like six days or something.
So I didn't really start seeing any of these new ones released two or three days.
So now we're actually to the point where we can do this if we want to know whether or not I'm going
to I'm not really sure if it's worth it.
Probably in a way to have more people.
The only other thing was certain my first zombie and you guys don't know how that works.
Or then you skip the section on zombies and you go back and watch that because I actually explain it
in my view.
This is the first one I'm kind of doing this to toy around with the settings to see how it's working
because Instagram's recently changed a lot of the rules.
So I really got to like tip my toe in the water and see how well you know the same strategy works.
So we have this one right here.
Oh my innovation.
And what it is I started this one I used a very similar design for the account.
So I just use one of the alternate colors there is and.
OK.
And I will all I've been doing has just been posting quotes and then I got followers just so it wouldn't
look like it was empty.
And then I've been running actions on it.
And for the most part it has been running fine.
As you can see there's some activity going on.
I've been just taking quotes and setting them into a folder on my vba is right there.
And then what it's happening is it's feeding from this that's just pulling these out and then I have
it set to basically loop.
Now I haven't yet set up the reposed part but what I'm going to do is have it.
Repos from accounts that have images and also fit my general kind of area.
Now I'm going to screw around at this one probably a week or more before I decide to create more.
And once I create a replicating system.
But for the most part this is kind of what it looks like.
Just posting quotes because it's not really practical to do a video with Zombi because you can't automatically
post videos.
You'd have to have someone get in and do this over and over and over again and constantly change their
IP and do all that stuff and that's just also dangerous because he's spurning IP across accounts.
And that's just a nightmare.
So we're just trying to figure out ways of doing images only if he knows that each one has its own hash
tags and it always says like follow an evasion station and an investigation has the tags on it.
So anyway.
So this is one of them.
This only works in volume so I'm just trying to figure out the first one before I start really kind
of picking this off in the next video or two you'll start seeing this strategy as it starts to expand
again.
Once we get to 5000 or start doing shout shouts and so you get to 10000 will definitely ramp up stories.
Meantime I'm not sure if I'll do stories every single day.
OK.
So that is good for now.
See you guys next Jack in.